README.md, before:

# Programming Patterns And Designs

# Donate / Support / Buy Me A Coffee!

<a href="https://ko-fi.com/aryashah">Buy Me A Coffee ☕, Donate as less as 2$</a>

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=45451225" data-patreon-widget-type="become-patron-button">Become a Patron!😇</a>

# About

Hello there 👋, and welcome to this awesome, well maintained repository that contains a huge collection of patterns and designs created using programming languages.

Many **Interview Questions and Programming Competitions** have one such question where we need to write code in order to *print a particular design or a pattern.*

*This repository tries to maintain all such patterns and aims to maintain code for all possible patterns and designs one could think of.*

**Practicing problems like these helps one understand looping constructs and build logic behind how to print any given pattern or design.**

Languages used:

| Language | Logo | View Main Folder |
|--------| --------- | ---------- |
| 1. C | ![c logo](https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/blob/main/assets/c%20logo.png) | <a href="https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/tree/main/C%20Pattern%20Programs">Click to View</a> <br> <In Progress>|
| 2. C++ | ![c++ logo](https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/blob/main/assets/c%2B%2B%20logo.png) | <a href="https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/tree/main/C%2B%2B%20Pattern%20Programs">Click to View</a> <br> <In Progress>|
| 3. Python | ![python logo](https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/blob/main/assets/python%20logo.png) | <a href="https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/tree/main/Python%20Pattern%20Programs">Click to View</a> <br> <In Progress>|

## How Can You Contribute?

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

### Let's Connect!

Where can you find me?

LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/arya--shah/

Twitter : https://twitter.com/aryashah2k

Github : https://github.com/aryashah2k

If you Like My Work, Follow me/ Connect with me on these platforms. Show some Love ❤️ Sponsor me on Github or Patreon!

Commit message:

Mention Work In Progress In Main Repo

README.md, after:

# Programming Patterns And Designs

# Donate / Support / Buy Me A Coffee!

<a href="https://ko-fi.com/aryashah">Buy Me A Coffee ☕, Donate as less as 2$</a>

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=45451225" data-patreon-widget-type="become-patron-button">Become a Patron!😇</a>

# About

Hello there 👋, and welcome to this awesome, well maintained repository that contains a huge collection of patterns and designs created using programming languages.

Many **Interview Questions and Programming Competitions** have one such question where we need to write code in order to *print a particular design or a pattern.*

*This repository tries to maintain all such patterns and aims to maintain code for all possible patterns and designs one could think of.*

**Practicing problems like these helps one understand looping constructs and build logic behind how to print any given pattern or design.**

Languages used:

| Language | Logo | View Main Folder |
|--------| --------- | ---------- |
| 1. C | ![c logo](https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/blob/main/assets/c%20logo.png) | <a href="https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/tree/main/C%20Pattern%20Programs">Click to View</a> <br> In Progress |
| 2. C++ | ![c++ logo](https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/blob/main/assets/c%2B%2B%20logo.png) | <a href="https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/tree/main/C%2B%2B%20Pattern%20Programs">Click to View</a> <br> In Progress |
| 3. Python | ![python logo](https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/blob/main/assets/python%20logo.png) | <a href="https://github.com/aryashah2k/Programming-Patterns-And-Designs/tree/main/Python%20Pattern%20Programs">Click to View</a> <br> In Progress |

## How Can You Contribute?

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

### Let's Connect!

Where can you find me?

LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/arya--shah/

Twitter : https://twitter.com/aryashah2k

Github : https://github.com/aryashah2k

If you Like My Work, Follow me/ Connect with me on these platforms. Show some Love ❤️ Sponsor me on Github or Patreon!
